I got your email and you send the Senate
when you're dead you challenge God and
only a fool which others not hear me
don't send me another one
and I don't know why you showed up at
the wrong place God said that to you
hear me but you will find out and you
won't be some damn coffee hear me
I'm sure you know everything don't you
well you act like you would have never
said I don't know what did you mean by
they I don't know because God said it to
you you showed up at the wrong place
that you want me to help you you
shouldn't have been here
yeah when you get to the wrong place you
know what that means
do you but no you're the wrong place
fool
you get it the button blaze so where's
the right place I don't know I just know
God told you you came to the wrong to
the wrong place god bless you Inger
people and then tell you something
you're one prideful cocky young man and
you took on the God of Abraham Isaac and
Jacob in your pride
that's not some money or a taker
you probably don't think I've read my
email yeah
what oh really
well you found out he likes answer good
hey Ben thank God
anyone else here with that kind of
attitude